But, with crypto, there's this cadence
that has existed for so long, and I
don't really like sitting down through
70 to 80% drops in the market. Like, I
just I don't like dealing with that. And
I do still have some Bitcoin, and I
think it actually makes sense to start
accumulating here as as we put in the
June low. But, there's a reason why I
mean, I've I've gone through enough of
these bear markets to be like, you know
what? I'd rather I'd rather sit out and
avoid some of these losses if I can. The
biggest mistake people make though is
they sell and they never buy back.
And I'm saying usually the time to start
getting back into the market for Bitcoin
is right after that June low, then
accumulation uh through the end of the
midterm year, even as price goes lower,
often works out the best. And don't be
the guy that sold late last year, and
then you never buy back, and then you're
like sitting here like wondering you're
thinking you just would've been better
off had you not sold. Yeah, if you're
never going to buy back, you would've
been better off had you not sold.
So, there's that consideration to make
as well.